Refactor ADR on data persistence and exchange (#175)
digitalservicebund/ris-adm-vwv: doc/adr/0004-data-persistence-and-exchange.md

Hence the question arises at which point in the flow of data we make the switch between JSON and XML/LDML.

## Decision

- The step of "publishing" a document is the point where JSON becomes XML/LDML.
  - Accordingly, reading a published document is where XML/LDML becomes JSON again in order to be handled by the frontend.

- In the frontend, the documents are handled as JSON objects.
- Data exchange between frontend and backend happens in JSON.
  - Frontend and backend will exchange documents in one piece. There are no "partial updates".
  - We allow for these documents to be "incomplete" in the sense that they may be missing information which is required by the XML/LDML schema it will eventually be transformed to.
- In the backend, the documents are stored
  - as JSON _before they are published_ and
  - as XML/LDML _after they have been published_.
- The publication step requires the XML/LDML structures to be valid wrt. their schemas. Otherwise publication is rejected. 
- To the portal, the documents are sent as XML/LDML.

> - In all these places, there will be additional data in order to support various use cases around these documents.

Reviewer: Reading this, "additional data" and "various use cases" are not clear to me. Is it about changelogs, for example?

Author: @andreas-deazevedo Would this be better?

```suggestion
- In all these places, besides the plain documents, there will probably be additional data in order to support use cases around these documents (e.g. process information data, HTML renderings of the XML/LDML or similar).
```

Author: It's in: https://github.com/digitalservicebund/ris-adm-vwv/commit/aa42043b6c19cf6015f761cd4a399140728a09d8
